h1. PMOG /  The Nethernet Server Codebase

h2. About

PMOG / The Nethernet is a game played across all the sites of the web.  The game is up and running at "http://thenethernet.com":http://thenethernet.com - the code has been released open source so you can hack on it, improve the game, or build your own multiplayer online experience.

h4. Server: http://github.com/gamelayers/pmog

h4. Client: http://github.com/gamelayers/pmog-hud

h2. Installation Instructions

h3. More up to date information regarding the setup and operation of the server environment is forthcoming.

bq. PMOG uses Ruby on Rails and MySQL.
    Make sure you have those installed locally.
    Check doc/local_setup.txt for more infos.

h4. Base Environment
* Rails version 2.1.0
* MySQL 5.0 or greater
* ImageMagick or Image Science

h4. Required Ruby Gems
* ruby-openid
* memcache-client
* dike (for memory profiling)
* ruby-debug
* image_science

h2. More information

  PMOG / The Nethernet source code has been released under an open source license.  The Check "http://thenethernet.com/about/source":http://thenethernet.com/about/source for more links and information.

h2. Supporting PMOG / The Nethernet

  PMOG / The Nethernet is a game and source code project that runs on donations from folks like you.  Please visit "our donations page on Mozilla.org":https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/6336 to consider donating to support the game and the project.

h2. License

    PMOG / The Nethernet Server codebase - a framework for a game across the web.
    Copyright (C) 2010 - GameLayers, Inc.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, version 3 of the License.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

    This software license means you are free to download, build and run your own online game, as long as you share your source code as well.  The Nethernet is a trademark belonging to GameLayers, Inc. - if you run your own game server using this code, remove the logo and give the game a new name.
